Author suitability extension (#1)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_suitability_extension: README.md

# Suitability

> Adds a suitability object to tenders, lots and lot groups to describe suitability for different types of tenderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a suitability object to the tender, lot and lot group objects to describe their suitability to different types of tenderers.
```

> If you are using the [Lots extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/), [follow its guidance](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/#usage) on whether to use `tender.lots` fields or `tender` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Guidance

If you are using the [Lots extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/), [follow its guidance](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/lots/master/#usage) on whether to use `tender.lots` fields or `tender` fields.
```

## Legal context

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BT-726 (Suitable For SMEs)](https://github.com/eForms/eForms). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BT-726 (Suitable For SMEs)](https://github.com/eForms/eForms). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/).
```
